For time saving purposes, this project was initialized by `npm init react-app`.

## How to use

1. Open command line in the folder you like, run `git clone https://github.com/akirasunny/react-blockchain.git` to clone this repository;
2. Run `npm i` and `npm run build` to install dependencies and generate `bundle.js`;
3. Run `npm start`. Open your browser, navigate to [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

## Dependencies

UI - `Bootstrap 3` <br/>
HTTP requests - `axios` <br/>
State management - `redux`, `react-redux`, `redux-thunk` <br/>

## Main directories

`./src/redux` - redux actions, reducers and store configuration <br/>
`./src/App.js` - main component <br/>
Some legacy files generated by `npm init react-app` have been kept. Please feel free to skip them.

## Comments

Very condensed but informative task. The lifecycle of components and the integration of redux have been well covered.<br/>
Steps taken by me could be found in commits. Most of state management is handled by redux, I added a logger for anyone who is interested in state changes. Local state is only used to handle the dropdown.<br/>
I meant to use `semantic-ui-react` as a shortcut to create UI. However it seems this library has to be updated. Finally I removed this library, using `Bootstrap` only.<br/>
The initialization of prices is an interesting part. I did some simple research on the quote API and found an easy way to get price quotes quickly. Please navigate to `./src/redux/actions` for more information.<br/>
Thanks in advance for your time and please feel free to ask any follow-up questions.<br/>
<br/>
Sunny